chore: update operator docs (#1621)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: docs/en/guide/juicefs-operator.md

:::note

> 1. The Worker management mode cannot be changed: `replicas` must be set when the CacheGroup is created. It cannot be added later to an existing CacheGroup that does not have this field, nor can it be removed once set. However, you can change its value to scale the number of Workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The worker management mode cannot be changed: `replicas` must be set when a `CacheGroup` is created. It cannot be added later to an existing `CacheGroup` that does not have this field, nor can it be removed once set. However, you can change its value to scale the number of Workers.
```

              storageClassName: <your-storage-class-name>
```

#### Use a block device as a cache disk <VersionAdd>0.9.0</VersionAdd> {#block-device-cache-directory}

> Cache directories of the `PVC` and `VolumeClaimTemplates` types can use Kubernetes raw block volumes. The StorageClass and its CSI Driver must support raw block volumes. `HostPath` only supports directories and cannot be used in this mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cache directories of the `PVC` and `VolumeClaimTemplates` types can use Kubernetes raw block volumes. The `StorageClass` and its CSI Driver must support raw block volumes. `HostPath` only supports directories and cannot be used in this mode.
```

When referencing an existing PVC, both `spec.volumeMode` in the PVC and `cacheDirs[].volumeMode` must be set to `Block`.

```yaml
spec:
  worker:
    template:
      cacheDirs:
        - type: PVC
          name: block-cache-pvc
          volumeMode: Block
          format: true
```

When using `VolumeClaimTemplates` to dynamically create a block volume, set `volumeMode: Block` in the PVC template:

```yaml
spec:
  worker:
    template:
      cacheDirs:
        - type: VolumeClaimTemplates
          format: true
          volumeClaimTemplate:
            metadata:
              name: block-cache
            spec:
              volumeMode: Block
              accessModes:
                - ReadWriteOnce
              resources:
                requests:
                  storage: 20Gi
              storageClassName: <your-storage-class-name>
```

> For multiple Workers, use `VolumeClaimTemplates` to create a separate PVC for each Worker, or use `worker.overwrite` to assign a different PVC to each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multiple workers, use `VolumeClaimTemplates` to create a separate PVC for each worker, or use `worker.overwrite` to assign a different PVC to each node.
```

> `format` is only valid for block volumes and defaults to `false`. If the block device does not contain a recognizable file system, the Worker exits without modifying the device by default. When set to `true`, the Operator formats the device as ext4 if it detects neither a recognizable file system nor any other signature. Signature detection cannot prove that a device is empty, so unrecognized data may still be erased. Enable this option only for a dedicated cache disk that you have confirmed can be erased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`format` is only valid for block volumes and defaults to `false`. If the block device does not contain a recognizable file system, the worker exits without modifying the device by default. When set to `true`, if the Operator does not detect a recognizable file system or other signatures, it formats the device as `ext4`. Signature detection cannot prove that a device is empty, so unrecognized data may still be erased. Enable this option only for a dedicated cache disk that you have confirmed can be erased.
```

  namespace: juicefs-cache-group
spec:
  cacheGroupName: cachegroup-sample
  # If targetsFrom is not configured, the entire file system is warmed up by default
  targetsFrom:
    files:
      - /a
      - /b
      - /c
  # Options for the juicefs warmup command; do not include the leading "--"
  # See https://juicefs.com/docs/cloud/reference/command_reference/#warmup
  options:
    - threads=50
```

> `spec.targetsFrom` supports the following three ways of providing a file list. Only one may be used at a time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`spec.targetsFrom` supports the following three ways of providing a file list. Only one is used at a time:
```

- `files`: List paths directly in the `WarmUp` resource.
- `configMap`: Specify the `name` and `key` of the ConfigMap entry that contains the file list.
- `filePath`: Specify the path to an existing file list in the JuiceFS file system.

The legacy `spec.targets` field is deprecated. Use `spec.targetsFrom.files` instead.

To run cache warmup periodically, set the policy to `Cron`:

```yaml
spec:
  policy:
    type: Cron
    cron:
      schedule: "*/5 * * * *"
      suspend: false
```

> ### Warm Up an External Cache Group <VersionAdd>0.8.1</VersionAdd> {#warmup-external-cache-group}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Warm up an external cache group <VersionAdd>0.8.1</VersionAdd> {#warmup-external-cache-group}
```

If the distributed cache group is not managed by a `CacheGroup` resource, specify the JuiceFS authentication Secret through `spec.secretRef` and explicitly set `spec.image`. The `WarmUp` resource and Secret must be in the same namespace. In this case, set `cacheGroupName` directly to the name of the distributed cache group to join.

```yaml
apiVersion: juicefs.io/v1
kind: WarmUp
metadata:
  name: warmup-external
  namespace: juicefs-cache-group
spec:
  cacheGroupName: existing-cache-group
  secretRef:
    name: juicefs-secret
  image: juicedata/mount:ee-5.3.6-c8ec652
  mountOptions:
    - no-update
  options:
    - threads=50
  targetsFrom:
    files:
      - /dataset
```

> If the image is hosted in a private registry, configure pull credentials through `spec.imagePullSecrets`. Any additional Secrets declared through `configs` in the authentication Secret are also mounted into the WarmUp job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the image is hosted in a private registry, configure pull credentials through `spec.imagePullSecrets`. Any additional Secrets declared through `configs` in the authentication Secret are also mounted into the `WarmUp` job.
```

      path: /sync_test/
```

### Specify source files and mount additional volumes {#sync-files-and-volumes}

Set `filesFrom` on the source endpoint to synchronize only the specified paths. As with WarmUp, this field supports `files`, `configMap`, and `filePath` as file-list sources, but it cannot be configured on the destination endpoint. When JuiceFS Enterprise Edition is used as the source endpoint, `filesFrom` requires client image version 5.1.10 or later. When JuiceFS Community Edition is used as the source endpoint, it requires version 1.3.0 or later.

```yaml
spec:
  from:
    external:
      uri: oss://sync-test.oss-cn-hangzhou.aliyuncs.com/sync-src-test/
      filesFrom:
        files:
          - images/
          - videos/example.mp4
```

> Each endpoint also supports mounting a ConfigMap, Secret, HostPath, or PVC into the Sync Pods through `extraVolumes`. This can be used to provide configuration files or access a local `file://` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each endpoint also supports mounting a ConfigMap, Secret, HostPath, or PVC into the sync Pods through `extraVolumes`. This can be used to provide configuration files or access a local `file://` endpoint.
```

> ### Configure Sync Pods {#configure-sync-pods}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configure sync Pods {#configure-sync-pods}
```
